# ChordFreq
Harmonic Analysis and Visualization of Chords via interchord relationships. Frequency analysis of note summation with highlighted/colorized interval types.

- Investigating if there is a wave function whos solutions are the notes of a human musical system, looking for microtonal notes as well as the 12-tone notes, with A= 432 or 440. 
- Additionally investigating if there is a wave function whos solutions are the sums of the frequencies in a major chord, for the set of all (individually by type) major/minor/dim/etc chords
- is 432 or 440hz, and its harmonic series, as well as the other notes and their series, scaled up to the resonant frequency dimension of quantum particles, similar to any important constant? Thinking about imagine if an A was sped up to the frequency at which it would be visible as light or detectable as a particle. What is the relationship between the particles that correspond to the different notes? is it similar to how fundamental particles behave in physics? Are there similarities between the intra-chord frequency interval differences and how fundamental particles may combine? I.e. a major chord being analogous to some kind of bond or resonance between particles, and there being a different type of chord that mirrors a different type of particle resonance. Does the plotted wavefuntion whose solutions are purported by string theorists to be different particles resemble any plotted wavefunction with solutions being the consonant frequencies used in human music?
